Replace `core-maintainers` with `core-team` (#76)
ossf/security-insights-spec: specification.md

- `bug-fixes-only` (Required)
  - **Description:** Provide the maintenance status of the project by specifying if the maintainers fix only bugs without providing new features.
  - **Type:** Boolean.
- `core-maintainers`

>   - **Description:** [Deprecation notice] _`core-maintainers` will be deprecated in the next versions._ Provide the contacts of the project maintainers (emails, social profiles, websites, etc). This information can help consumers to contact the right people.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Description:** Provide the contacts of the project maintainers (emails, social profiles, websites, etc). This information can help consumers to contact the right people.
    - [Deprecation notice] _`core-maintainers` will be removed in v1.2.0_
```
